look everybody welcome to nerd lords of
Draenor with myself
Cox taro dark and crunch rude the camel
hoarder hey that's me I hoard camels and
they were joined by smooth mcgroove I am
Jenkins by smooth groove Jenkins who do
we talk to to start this thing because I
know it's not talking to Khadgar Andy
then he's like you look like a strong
capable person I could use a champion
like you yeah hilarious what we doing
he's hitting the rock oh he's bro he's a
blade master whoa and then he died but
three idiots from another world
from the future your spits out his last
words there couple soon gracious don't
drain our blood for ritual money love
life people dork dies well you know
worries leaves no time no more let's go
okay oh yeah this guy's carrying oil can
I kill this guy
oh no he dropped it oh okay careful man
no cuz he's on fire - dude that's
awesome
what's going on out there nothing man
definitely not trouble
I'll go get a meatball sub what's they
called the air Shara bilge water Harbor
ah here by the semblance what are these
orcs over here oh yeah the wrong stone
or placeholders it's cardboard we were
afraid for nothing yeah we thought there
was millions of them there's like 16
guys this is what the heroes do in the
movies to trick the villains yeah we die
in the end